We're almost done fixing bugs,
our recipe service is now working as expected, if we switch back and forth, the spaghetti are there
but now if we go back to recipe edit component, this delete button, this X here
is not working.
First of all, it's even submitting our form and we definitely don't want that,
so we should set the type to button,
then I'll also add a click listener and say onDeleteIngredient and here of course, I should pass the information
of which ingredient should get deleted.
So I should pass the index i, which is simply the index of the control we want to remove. With that, we can
implement the onDeleteIngredient method in our TypeScript file here
and I know that I will receive the index here, number.
Now with that, I can get access to my recipe form to call the get method and get access to my ingredients
which I know is a formArray, so let's cast it as we did earlier too
and now we can call the removeAt method and pass the index to remove a specific FormControl, the one
at the position we want to delete.
Now with that in place, we can save this
and now if we open a recipe and edit it and remove this,
now you see it indeed remove the ingredient,
so now we updated the recipe and therefore, we only sent the french fries to the shopping list
and again the other bug we had before is fixed, our recipe survive.
Now to clean this app up, there is one thing I forgot to do earlier, in the recipe list component where we
subscribe to our recipeChanged event here,
well we should unsubscribe if the component gets destroyed.
So let's implement onDestroy and import this from @angular/core and then I will add
ngOnDestroy here
and I want to store the subscription in a property named subscription, of type subscription, which needs
to be imported from rxjs/subscription
and then I can store it by assigning it as a value here in onInit, the subscription is assigned and in
onDestroy, I can now unsubscribe, again to make sure I don't cause any memory leaks here.
So with that, with all these bug fixes we added, our app is looking great.
It should work fine now,
we can add new recipes here,
we can edit existing ones, we can remove the ingredients there and add new ingredients if we want of
course. We can then use them and send them to the shopping list,
there we can delete them, we can add new items or decide otherwise and clear the form. Our forms are
working great here and use quite a lot of useful tools you may use in your next application which are
great to enhance it and to offer a great user experience.
With that, let's move on to the next course section.